(Six girls are in the car to move!)
HaSeul: One, two, three, shot!
HaSeul: Yves is tired...
HaSeul: Because she left home at 4 o'clock!
HaSeul: Behind Yves, JinSoul is tired too..
HaSeul: Because she left home at 4 o'clock together.
HaSeul: Anyway, we're on our way to the next shooting site!
(Here is somewhere you can see whole Yeouido!)
(The golf scene was shot at here!)
(But Yves has never played a golf before. So she's learning it!)
#NowPlaying "이달의 소녀 1/3 (LOOΠΔ 1/3) - You and Me Together"
(Cheer up, Yves!)
HaSeul: Hi there, I'm a reporter HaSeul Jo~
HaSeul: As you see, Yves is on a high place!
HaSeul: And she is going to hit the dolls with a golf club!
(Yves' legs are as long as the height of the 63 building, which you can see behind her)
HaSeul: But her legs are very long.
HaSeul: My legs are long too...
(And just the wind blows...)
(Anyway, let's start to shoot the golf scene!)
Yves: I'm scared...
Yves: I have to hit the dolls but...
(She continued to shoot this scene more than a dozen times after that...)